Fine-Grained Computation Offload for
Off-the-Shelf Servers in Tens of Lines
Bojie Li
Pine AI

Abstract

Hardware accelerators now sit on the critical path of online serving—GPUs, FPGAs, and
increasingly remote services such as hardware security modules, post-quantum KEMs,
and inference servers. For fine-grained offloads (microseconds to a few milliseconds) the
classic responses to the resulting stall both fail: a context switch costs as much as the
offload, and a busy-wait burns the core. Overlapping the offload with other requests is
the fix, and prior systems obtain it by adding concurrency: an async-framework rewrite,
a new runtime or dataplane OS, or a hand-tuned point integration.
We observe that the concurrency already exists: serving concurrent requests is suspending and resuming them, so every server ships the machinery overlap needs. Overlap
is then a routing problem, not a rewrite problem: submit the offload to an executor,
suspend the request with the server’s own deferred-response primitive, resume it on
completion. Across ten off-the-shelf servers spanning every production concurrency
model, this recipe takes 22–138 lines added, at most one modified, and recovers 1.2–5.4×
on real hardware; the server’s concurrency model and the offload’s weight predict both
numbers in advance, and the win is bounded by device throughput and the server’s
own overlap capacity. At the limit, an LD_PRELOAD fiber runtime injects the reroute into
an unmodified thread-per-connection binary (17.3×) within a characterized envelope.
Rerouting suspends run-to-completion atomicity; a measured taxonomy confines the
hazard to unlocked shared aggregates, and a transparent page-protection detector guards
exactly those, validated on stock Redis.

Code: https://github.com/19PINE-AI/transparent-offload
Website: https://01.me/research/transparent-offload

Apache
Redis
Go
memcached
nginx
MariaDB
Postgres
Node.js
Python
HAProxy

0.0

0.5

1.0

1.5

2.0

3.01×
3.01×
2.93×
2.74×
2.59×
2.59×
2.54×
2.37×
2.10×

2.5

3.0

speedup over synchronous offload (×, real GPU AES)

3.45×
event loop
loop + pool
thread pool
proxy
per-conn DB

3.5

4.0

Figure 1. The headline result. Rerouting the offload through each server’s own concurrency recovers

2.1–3.5× across ten servers (real GPU AES, 1 MiB; up to 5.4× at 8 MiB; the databases pipeline the
op intra-query); zero-edit rerouting from outside the binary reaches 17.3× (§4). Color marks the
concurrency model.

1

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

2

Synchronous offload: one request, CPU stalls
CPU idle (wasted)
recv

accelerator busy

pre

post

send

Overlapped offload: CPU serves B, C while A's offload is in flight
A:recv A:pre

A: offloaded (parked)
B

C

A:post
B

time

Figure 2. The problem. A serving request is receive → pre-process → offload → post-process → send. Top:
with a synchronous offload, the CPU stalls while the accelerator works. Bottom: overlap fills the gap
with other requests’ processing.

1 Introduction

Hardware accelerators are now a standard part of online serving. GPUs, TPUs, and FPGAs
accelerate inference, image processing, encryption, and compression, and a growing share
of “acceleration” is in fact a remote call: to a hardware security module, a post-quantum keyencapsulation service [National Institute of Standards and Technology, 2024], or a co-located
inference server [Crankshaw et al., 2017]. Across these cases the application has the same
shape: receive a request, pre-process, invoke an intensive routine, post-process, respond. On
an accelerator that routine becomes an offload: a submission to the device and a wait for its
completion, lasting microseconds to a few milliseconds. This paper is about a deceptively
simple question: what should the CPU do while it waits?
The textbook answers fail exactly in this regime (Figure 2). Blocking lets the operating
system run another thread, but a context switch costs several microseconds, comparable to
the offload itself; this is the “killer microsecond” [Barroso et al., 2017]: the switch wastes CPU
and adds a wakeup delay to the request’s tail. Busy-waiting hides the wakeup but burns a core
doing nothing. The only principled answer is to overlap the offload with the processing of other
requests.
Overlap requires concurrency at the offload point, and the systems community has treated
that concurrency as something to be added: write the application against an asynchronous
framework from the start [Provos and Mathewson, 2026, ScyllaDB, 2026], adopt a new runtime
or dataplane operating system [Belay et al., 2014, Ousterhout et al., 2019, Fried et al., 2020], or
hand-integrate one offload into one server [Jang et al., 2011, Intel Corporation, 2026]. All of
these assume the server lacks what overlap needs.
Our starting observation is that it already has it. Serving concurrent connections is suspending and resuming requests: an event loop parks a connection whenever it waits for a

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

3

socket; a worker pool parks whole requests in its queue; a goroutine scheduler parks tasks at
every blocking call; a database parks each connection in its own backend. Every modern server
therefore ships, in production quality, exactly the machinery that overlap requires. Hiding
a fine-grained offload is not a rewrite problem but a routing problem: at the offload call
site, submit the work to a background executor, suspend the request using the server’s own
deferred-response primitive, and resume it to reply on completion.
We validate this recipe on ten off-the-shelf servers spanning every concurrency model in
production use: Redis, Node.js, Python/asyncio, nginx, memcached, Apache, Go, HAProxy,
PostgreSQL, and MariaDB. Across the ten, the change is 22–138 lines added and zero or one
existing line modified—the core of the Redis integration is a dozen lines (Listing 1)—and
on real hardware it recovers 1.2–5.4× across servers and offload weights (Figure 1). The cost
is small for a structural reason, not a lucky one: the integration only bridges the offload to
machinery that already exists.
That structure makes the outcome predictable. Two properties of the deployment fix both
the speedup and the code cost in advance: the server’s concurrency model determines what
a synchronous offload costs and therefore what rerouting recovers, and how many lines the
reroute takes; the offload’s weight relative to per-request CPU work determines whether overlap
pays at all. The model locates every server we measured, including the ones where overlap
does not help.
Two questions remain, and they complete the paper. First, can the change be zero? When there
is no source access at all, the libc symbol boundary is itself a suspension layer: an LD_PRELOAD
fiber runtime injects the rerouting from outside an unmodified binary and reaches 17.3×
on a thread-per-connection server—within an envelope we characterize precisely, because
transparency extends exactly as far as the behavior that flows through the interposed layer.
Second, what does rerouting break? Suspending a handler mid-request forfeits the run-tocompletion atomicity that event-driven servers silently rely on—a hazard we measure, scope,
and guard.
In summary, this paper makes three contributions:
• An offload-rerouting method. Overlapping a fine-grained offload requires rerouting it
through concurrency the server already has, not adding concurrency. One three-step
method, instantiated on ten off-the-shelf servers with 22–138 lines added and at most one
existing line modified, recovers 1.2–5.4× on real hardware across offload weights (§3, §6).
• A predictive model of speedup and code cost. Concurrency model and offload weight
predict the win and the cost in advance (§2); at the zero-edit limit, an interposition-envelope
principle and a syscall-profile classifier predict where transparent rerouting is possible at
all (§4).
• A correctness taxonomy and a transparent guard. Rerouting breaks run-to-completion
atomicity; a measured taxonomy confines the hazard to unlocked shared aggregates, and a
transparent conflict detector protects exactly those with no application changes (§5).
2 The Fine-Grained Regime and a Predictive Model

The fine-grained regime. An accelerator turns a CPU-bound routine into a device operation:
the CPU prepares an input buffer, submits it (a kernel launch, a DMA, or a network send), and

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

fine-grained regime: offload
GPU AES /
small kernel
(~10 50 µs)
OS context switch
(~1 5 µs)

1 µs

4

scheduling cost
HSM sign · PQC KEM /
remote inference
(~1 10 ms)
compression /
small inference
(~0.1 0.5 ms)

10 µs
100 µs
1 ms
offload latency (log scale)

10 ms

Figure 3. The fine-grained regime. Accelerator offloads span microseconds to milliseconds. In the

shaded band, the offload latency is comparable to an OS context switch, so blocking pays a switch and
a wakeup that rival the work itself, and busy-waiting wastes a core.

later collects the result. These round-trips span microseconds to milliseconds (Figure 3), but all
are fine-grained relative to operating-system scheduling: the offload finishes on the timescale of
a context switch, so the dilemma of §1 holds across the whole band.
A taxonomy of concurrency models. The thesis says to reroute the offload through the
server’s own concurrency, so the first question about any server is where that concurrency lives.
Five models cover production practice. A single-event-loop server (Redis, Node.js, a Python
asyncio service) multiplexes all connections on one thread; its suspension primitive is the
deferred reply. An event-loop-with-pool server (nginx, memcached) runs a few such loops plus a
worker pool. A thread- or goroutine-pool server (Apache, Go) parks whole requests in pooled
workers or runtime-scheduled tasks. A proxy (HAProxy) can route requests through a native
offload engine to an external agent. A process- or thread-per-connection server (PostgreSQL,
MariaDB) gives each connection its own backend, which the OS suspends and resumes
wholesale.
Prediction 1: concurrency model determines speedup and code cost. The same taxonomy
predicts what a synchronous offload costs and therefore what rerouting recovers (Figure 4). The
extreme case is the single event loop: one thread handles every connection, so a synchronous
offload stalls all of them and throughput collapses to one request per offload latency while the
hardware idles—a pathology of structure, not capacity—and the few-line reroute is dramatic
there. In an event loop with a pool, a synchronous offload stalls only one loop of several. A
thread or goroutine pool overlaps offloads automatically: the reroute needs no asynchronous
code at all, because parking the worker is the routing. For a proxy, the reroute is configuration
plus an external agent. And a per-connection database already overlaps across connections for
free (the OS runs the backends concurrently), leaving intra-query pipelining of a serial offload

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

concurrency model

5

predicted rerouting win
thread /
goroutine
pool

proxy +
agent

process-perconnection

pool overlaps
the rest

agent offloads
async

OS overlaps
connections free

2.7 2.9×

3.0 3.5×
(0 async code)

2.1×
(C agent)

intra-query
pipelining

nginx, memcached

Apache, Go

HAProxy

Postgres, MariaDB

single
event loop

event loop
+ pool

sync offload
stalls everything

stalls one
loop of N

2.4 3.0×
Redis, Node,
Python

Win grows with offload weight; it pays only when the offload outweighs per-request CPU.
Figure 4. Prediction 1: the concurrency model determines what a synchronous offload costs and

therefore how much rerouting recovers, from dramatic (a blocked single loop) to automatic (a pool that
overlaps for free) to intra-query (databases that already overlap across connections). Example servers
are shown under each regime.

loop as the only win.
The code cost follows the same axis: where the server exposes a plugin API or a deferredresponse primitive the reroute is purely additive; where it exposes none, the developer must
add the suspend/resume transition to the request state machine by hand, which is where the
line count comes from (§3).
Prediction 2: offload weight determines whether overlap pays. The second property is
independent of the server. Overlap reclaims the CPU time the offload would have wasted,
so if per-request CPU work already rivals the offload there is little to reclaim; the win grows
with the offload’s weight until it hits one of two ceilings: the accelerator’s throughput (overlap
fills the device but cannot exceed it) or the server’s own overlap capacity (the concurrency its
machinery can keep in flight). Real speedups live between these bounds. Section 6 confirms
both predictions, including a block-size sweep that traces the weight dependence on real
hardware (Figure 11) and the servers where overlap correctly buys nothing.
Together the two properties form a map: given a server’s concurrency model and an
offload’s latency, an operator can predict before writing any code whether to bother, how large
the win will be, and roughly how many lines it will take.
3 Offload Rerouting on Ten Servers

The recipe is the thesis made concrete, and it is uniform across servers (Figure 5):
1. at the offload call site, submit the work to a background executor instead of waiting;
2. suspend the current request using the server’s own deferred-response primitive;
3. resume it and send the reply when the offload completes.
Listing 1 shows the recipe in Redis: the entire integration is an 83-line loadable module with

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

6

The recipe: reroute the offload through the server's existing suspend/resume machinery
handler reaches
the offload

1. submit to a
background executor

accelerator runs
the offload

loop serves
other requests

2. suspend the request
(server's own primitive)

3. resume + reply
on completion

22 138 lines added, at most 1 modified

the machinery already exists; one only reroutes the offload.

Figure 5. The rerouting method. While a request is suspended at its offload, the server’s loop serves

other requests. The edit is small because the suspend/resume machinery already exists.

/* accel . async : submit , suspend , resume on completion */
int cmd_async ( RedisModuleCtx * ctx , ...) {
3
RedisModuleBlockedClient * bc =
4
RedisModule_BlockClient ( ctx , reply_cb ,
5
timeout_cb , NULL , 0) ; /* 2. suspend */
6
enqueue ( bc ) ;
/* 1. submit */
7
return REDISMODULE_OK ; /* loop serves other clients */
8 }
9 void * worker ( void * arg ) {
/* pool thread */
10
for (;;) { job_t j = dequeue () ;
11
accel_encrypt ( j . buf , j . len ) ;
/* the offload */
12
RedisModule_UnblockClient ( j . bc , NULL ) ;
13
}
/* 3. resume
*/
14 }
1
2

Listing 1. The reroute in Redis (condensed from the 83-line module accel_module.c). BlockClient is

Redis’s own deferred-response primitive; the worker pool is the background executor. The command
suspends before submitting, so the resume cannot race the suspension.

zero edits to Redis itself, and its overlap core is the dozen lines of the listing. The synchronous
variant of the same command simply calls accel_encrypt on the event-loop thread; the diff
between the two is the reroute.
Table 1 instantiates the recipe across the landscape, and the integration point follows the
concurrency model exactly as §2 predicts. Servers with a plugin or extension API take the
reroute with zero core edits: a Redis [Redis Ltd., 2026] module, an nginx [F5/NGINX, 2026]
thread-pool add-on, an Apache [Apache Software Foundation, 2026] content handler, PostgreSQL [PostgreSQL Global Development Group, 2026] and MariaDB [MariaDB Foundation,
2026] user-defined functions, and a Node.js [OpenJS Foundation, 2026] N-API add-on over
libuv [libuv contributors, 2026]. Servers backed by a language runtime, whatever their concurrency model, need almost no new code: the goroutine scheduler overlaps a Go [The Go
Authors, 2026] handler’s plain blocking cgo offload with zero asynchronous code, and a Python
asyncio [Python Software Foundation, 2026] service reroutes through run_in_executor in
one line of handler code. A proxy reroutes in configuration: HAProxy [HAProxy Technologies,
2026a] streams each request over its native Stream Processing Offload Engine (SPOE) [HAProxy
Technologies, 2026b] to a standalone offload agent (the proxy itself changes only configuration;

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

server

integration point

Redis 6.0
Node.js 22
Python 3.10
nginx 1.18
memcached 1.6
Apache 2.4
Go 1.18
HAProxy 2.4
PostgreSQL 14
MariaDB 10.6

loadable module (BlockClient)
N-API add-on (libuv queue)
run_in_executor
add-on module (thread pool + aio)
state-machine patch
module (apxs), pooled workers
plain blocking cgo call
SPOE + standalone C agent
C extension (intra-query)
UDF (intra-query)

7

+lines

mod

speedup

83
34
22
112
70
27
28
138
42
34

0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0

3.01×
2.54×
2.37×
2.74×
2.93×
3.45×
3.01×
2.10×
2.59×†
2.59×†

Table 1. Offload rerouting on ten off-the-shelf servers (grouped by concurrency model: single event

loop, event loop + pool, thread/goroutine pool, proxy, per-connection database). “+lines” is integration
code added; “mod” is existing lines modified. Speedups are over the synchronous offload with a real
GPU (1 MiB AES; † the databases pipeline the op intra-query: serial vs. pipelined offloads within one
query). Seven are stock server binaries; for Node.js, Python, and Go the server is an idiomatic handler
on the stock runtime. Measurement setup: §6.

the 138-line C agent carries the offload).
The lone case that touches existing code is memcached [memcached, 2026], which exposes
no deferred-response primitive, so we add the suspend/resume transition to its connection
state machine by hand (70 lines, one modified). It is the exception that proves the structural
claim: the cost of the reroute is the distance to the server’s nearest suspend/resume primitive.
We report lines added separately from existing lines modified because they carry different
maintenance costs: added lines live in a module or extension and survive server upgrades;
modified lines are the invasive part. Figure 6 plots the whole study on one canvas: code cost
against measured win, with the zero-edit limit of §4 at the origin.
4 The Zero-Edit Limit: Rerouting by Interposition

Can the reroute cost zero lines? When there is no source access at all—a stock binary, a vendor
blob—the recipe cannot be applied from inside. But there is one suspension layer every
dynamically linked binary passes through: the libc symbol boundary. Our transparent runtime
is a shared library loaded by LD_PRELOAD that interposes the standard threading and I/O
symbols. When the application creates a connection-handling thread, the runtime instead
creates a fiber—a user-level thread with a register-only context switch of tens of nanoseconds [Li
et al., 2023]—and multiplexes all fibers on one carrier OS thread (occupying a single core).
Whenever a fiber would block, on socket I/O or on the offload, the runtime switches to another
runnable fiber; a scheduler polls I/O readiness and offload completions and resumes the
corresponding fiber, saving and restoring per-fiber libc state such as errno across switches.
The handler keeps its plain synchronous shape and never learns that its “thread” is a fiber: the
recipe’s submit, suspend, and resume are injected from outside the binary (Figure 7).
On its home ground this works well: on a synchronous thread-per-connection handler
with a real GPU performing AES, the runtime overlaps 64 connections’ offloads on one carrier
thread and reaches 17.3× the throughput of the same binary busy-waiting on each offload,
with results verified bit-for-bit (11.9× over a baseline that blocks in the driver and lets the OS

speedup over sync offload (×, real GPU)

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

20

8

transparent
(0 edits, own binary;
real GPU AES)

single event loop
event loop + pool
thread / goroutine pool
proxy (offload agent)
per-connection DB (intra-query)

10
5

Apache
memcached
Go
Redis
MariaDB
Postgresnginx
Python Node.js
HAProxy

3
2
1
~0

no gain

10
100
lines added to the application (0 138)

Figure 6. The study in one plot: lines of integration code vs. speedup from rerouting a real-GPU AES

offload on an idle device (1 MiB blocks; the databases pipeline the op intra-query). The few-line reroute
clusters at 2–3.5×; the zero-edit transparent runtime reaches 17.3× in its niche (§4). Color encodes the
concurrency model.

carrier core (one OS thread)
fiber A (conn 1)
fiber B (conn 2)
fiber C (conn 3)

offload
(submit + yield)

accelerator
device

completion
(resume fiber)

scheduler
(epoll + poll device)
LD_PRELOAD interposes pthread_create fiber, read/write/poll yield, offload yield.
The application binary is unchanged.
Figure 7. The zero-edit limit. An LD_PRELOAD library turns each connection thread into a fiber on one

carrier thread; a fiber yields at its offload (and at socket I/O) and the scheduler runs another until the
offload completes. The binary is unchanged. On a synchronous thread-per-connection handler with a
real GPU this overlaps 64 connections’ offloads for a 17.3× gain over a busy-wait synchronous baseline.

overlap the 64 threads1 ); a separately built DNN-inference server shows 11.8×.
1 The blocking-baseline comparison was measured while a co-tenant shared the GPU (both sides equally affected);

the busy-wait comparison ran on an otherwise idle GPU.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

9

Making stock binaries run under the runtime took a catalog of interposition engineering—
most notably a glibc condition-variable symbol-versioning hazard that silently corrupts some
binaries and that any threading-interposing tool must fix—which Appendix B records for
practitioners.
The interposition envelope. The more useful contribution is the limit. A preloaded library
virtualizes exactly one layer, the libc symbol boundary, so its reach is the completeness of
that layer: behavior that escapes the layer is out of reach, and there are exactly three ways to
escape it (Figure 8).
• Below it. A storage engine such as InnoDB synchronizes with raw futex system calls [Franke
et al., 2002] issued directly, bypassing pthread; a fiber that blocks in a raw futex stalls the
whole carrier, and under contention the server deadlocks—we confirmed this with a live
backtrace of the frozen carrier inside InnoDB.
• Beside it. A managed runtime such as the JVM keeps “the current thread” in a native threadlocal slot read inline from a CPU register, which symbol interposition cannot virtualize
per fiber; the moment two fiberized JVM requests interleave, the runtime reads the wrong
thread object and segfaults (the same mechanism applies to Go and .NET).
• Behind it. Overlap needs idle CPU to reclaim, and a thread-per-connection TLS terminator
that spends real CPU on per-request crypto has none—the OS already overlaps its offloads
across threads, while the single carrier serializes the crypto and pays an interposition tax
on every yield, ending up 2–3× slower than native.
These are properties of where an application places its behavior, not gaps in engineering; no
interposition removes them.
A syscall-profile classifier. The envelope is predictable from the outside: we profile the
per-request blocking syscalls a server makes under load (Figure 9). Event-driven servers show
an epoll-dominated profile and have no per-connection thread to fiberize: the runtime loads
safely but never engages. Thread-per-connection servers that block at the libc layer show
near-zero per-request futex traffic and are fiberizable. Engines that synchronize below libc are
unmistakable: InnoDB issues ∼13,000 futex calls per request, some 500× a fiberizable server’s,
alongside asynchronous kernel I/O (io_uring [Axboe, 2019]). A cheap strace therefore tells
an operator in advance whether zero-edit rerouting can work.
The verdict frames the division of labor. Zero-edit rerouting serves a real but narrow niche:
thread-per-connection servers with light per-request CPU and libc-level blocking, reached
with no source access. By construction it cannot help event-driven servers—the class where a
synchronous offload is most catastrophic. For everyone else, the few-line recipe of §3 is the
answer.
5 Correctness under Rerouting

Rerouting has one cost that is easy to miss. A single-threaded server runs each handler to
completion, so handlers observe shared state atomically—an invariant the code silently relies on.
Suspending a handler at its offload breaks that invariant: if post-processing does a read-modifywrite on shared state—a counter, a cache entry, a key in a store—two overlapped requests can

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

10

Where transparent interposition reaches and the three walls
%fs
CPU
Application / runtime
TLS
100%
libc symbols

the interposition layer

Kernel / hardware
raw syscall(futex)
below libc
(InnoDB)

thread identity in
native TLS register
(JVM, Go)

per-request CPU
> offload
(TLS crypto)

Figure 8. The interposition envelope. A preloaded library virtualizes the libc symbol layer, and reaches

exactly the behavior that flows through it. Behavior escapes in three ways: below the layer (raw futex
syscalls, InnoDB), beside it (thread identity in a native TLS register, the JVM and Go), and behind it
(per-request CPU that already exceeds the offload).

per-request futex calls (log)

Futex density predicts whether a binary can be fiberized

104

sub-libc wall
(+ io_uring)

fiberizable (libc-level blocking)
event-driven (loads safely, no overlap)
sub-libc wall

103
102
101

fiberizable

Redis

stunnel

memcached

MariaDB
(InnoDB)

Figure 9. Predicting the envelope. Per-request futex calls separate thread-per-connection servers that

block at the libc layer (fiberizable: stunnel) from engines that synchronize below it (InnoDB, ∼13,000,
some 500× higher, plus io_uring). Event-driven servers (gray) have no per-connection thread to
fiberize; their epoll profile flags them “loads safely, no overlap.”

interleave their sequences and lose updates. On a stock Redis server whose module command
reads a key, runs a real GPU offload, and writes the incremented value back, unprotected
overlap silently loses tens of thousands of updates (Figure 10, left). The more latency overlap
hides, the wider the race it opens.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

11

A measured taxonomy of shared-state patterns. To scope the problem we enumerated the
shared-state patterns that real offload-adjacent servers keep, and measured each under overlapped execution in race-instrumented harnesses spanning crypto (OpenSSL) and compression
(zlib). Three patterns are unconditionally safe: read-only shared state (model weights, dictionaries, lookup tables), per-connection state (which one handler per connection serializes for free),
and lock-protected state (locks serialize regardless of scheduling). All measured zero conflicts.
The only hazardous pattern is the fourth: unlocked shared mutable aggregates—counters, batch
queues, caches—where unlocked read-modify-writes lose updates essentially every time they
collide. And that pattern is exactly the state a single-threaded server keeps unlocked because it
trusts run-to-completion atomicity—the very atomicity rerouting removes. The dividing line is
the state pattern, not the application domain: bulk crypto, compression, hashing, and stateless
inference land safe because the heavy routine is pure and their shared state is read-only or
already locked.
A transparent conflict detector. The safe patterns need nothing. For the residual—unlocked
shared aggregates—a transparent conflict detector restores correctness with no application
change: it write-protects the shared-state pages, snapshots a version clock when a handler
parks at its offload, and treats a write fault on a page modified during the park as a conflict;
under enforcement it serializes only the conflicting handlers. On the stock-Redis workload it
drives lost updates to zero while running 1.8× faster than a coarse lock, which serializes the
very offloads it protects; its overhead versus unprotected overlap is within measurement noise
(24.7K vs. 24.1K req/s) (Figure 10, right). The detector is a property of the overlap mechanism,
not of any one integration, so it applies at every point of the spectrum, including the zero-edit
limit.
6 Evaluation

This section validates the two predictions of §2 on real hardware—Prediction 1 across the
ten-server landscape, Prediction 2 by sweeping the offload’s weight—and closes with latency
under load.
Experimental setup. All cross-server offloads run on real hardware, with no emulated
latencies; the one exception is the open-loop latency study of Figure 12, which uses a controlled
emulated offload and is labeled as such. Experiments run on a server with an NVIDIA RTX
PRO 6000 (Blackwell) GPU. The GPU path performs AES [OpenSSL Project, 2026] on its own
CUDA stream, polled by cudaEventQuery [NVIDIA Corporation, 2026], with the block size
sweeping from 4 KiB (launch-bound) to 8 MiB (bandwidth-bound). GPU AES is a stand-in
for offloads that beat the host CPU (a modern core’s AES-NI rivals a GPU on this cipher); we
use it because it gives a cleanly tunable offload weight. For the latency-bound remote class
(HSM signatures, post-quantum KEMs, remote inference) we stand up a real TCP signer doing
a genuine RSA-2048 signature per request. Servers are driven by standard load generators
(redis-benchmark, ab).
Validation of Prediction 1 across the server landscape. On a 1 MiB GPU AES offload (realistic
bulk crypto, idle GPU) the reroute recovers the win the model predicts in every regime, with

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

12

30000
25000
20000
15000
10000
5000
0

23,450
lost

naive
(overlap)

0
correct

detector
+ enforce

Detector keeps offloads overlapped

40

throughput (K req/s)

lost updates

Shared-state safety (stock Redis)

30

naive (unsafe)
detector (overlapped)
lock (serialized)

1.8×

1.7×

high
contention

low
contention

20
10
0

Figure 10. Guarding the one hazardous pattern, measured on a stock Redis server with a real GPU

offload. Left: unprotected overlap of a shared read-modify-write loses 23,450 updates. The pageprotection detector flags 26,185 conflicts and, under enforcement, reduces lost updates to zero. Right:
a coarse lock serializes all offloads (13.8K req/s), while the detector keeps non-conflicting offloads
overlapped (24.7K req/s), 1.8× faster (1.7× at low contention) and within noise of unprotected overlap
(24.1K req/s).

no failed requests (Figure 1, Table 1): single event loops and event-loop-with-pool servers
cluster around 2.4–3×, thread and goroutine pools reach 3.0–3.5× with no asynchronous code,
and the per-connection databases recover 2.6× through the one channel the model leaves
them, pipelining the offloads within a query rather than across connections. The cluster tops
out at 2–3.5× because this offload is bandwidth-bound: once overlap saturates the device,
its throughput is the ceiling. The proxy isolates where the win comes from: HAProxy’s gain
rides entirely on the offload agent, so a 21-line GIL-bound Python agent gains nothing while a
138-line C pthread-pool agent recovers 2.1× on the same offload.
Validation of Prediction 2: offload weight and the two ceilings. Sweeping the GPU AES
offload by block size on a single event loop traces the weight dependence (Figure 11; full table
in Appendix A): the same reroute gives essentially nothing for a light block (1.24× at 4 KiB,
46 µs, where the offload is on the order of the server’s own per-request work) and rises to
5.41× at 8 MiB (2.3 ms), approaching the GPU’s bandwidth—the first ceiling, a property of the
device. A latency-bound offload lifts that ceiling because its device is not saturated: with our
real RSA-2048 remote signer (821 µs round-trip) the same Python server reaches 3.53×—but
not the order of magnitude a deep queue could in principle give, because the bottleneck moves
to the second ceiling, the server’s own overlap capacity (throughput and round-trip latency
imply the asyncio/GIL executor keeps only ∼6 requests truly in flight). Real overlap is thus
bounded at both ends; across our servers and offloads it lands at 1.2–5.4×.
Latency under offered load. Overlap is a latency win too. By keeping the CPU busy during
offloads, the overlapping path holds both median and tail (p99) latency low up to roughly four

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

13

speedup (async/sync)

speedup (×)

5

103

4
3

102

2
1

single-op GPU latency (µs)

Overlap pays with offload weight (real GPU AES, single event loop)

4K

8K

16K

32K

no benefit (offload per-request work)
64K 128K 256K 512K 1M
2M

AES block size (offload weight)

GPU latency
4M

8M

Figure 11. Prediction 2, measured (real GPU, idle): overlap pays only when the offload outweighs
per-request CPU work. On a single-event-loop server, the same reroute gives 1.24× for a light 4 KiB
block (46 µs) and 5.41× at 8 MiB (2.3 ms), approaching the GPU’s bandwidth. Right axis: measured
single-op GPU latency.

105
104
103
102

~4× the load at
the same latency

200
400
offered load (K req/s)

p99 latency (µs, log)

p50 latency (µs, log)

Overlap holds low latency to ~4× the offered load (open-loop, Poisson arrivals)
median (p50)
tail (p99)

overlap (fibers)

105
104
103
102
200
400
offered load (K req/s)

block (thread pool)

Latency under load (open-loop Poisson arrivals over a controlled 20 µs emulated offload, the one emulated experiment in the paper, used so offered load can be swept precisely;
runtime/openloop.csv). Blocking on the offload drives both median (p50, left) and tail (p99, right)
latency up at its saturation point near 103K req/s, while overlapping holds low latency to roughly 4×
that offered load (knee near 410K req/s) before its own knee.
Figure 12.

times the offered load that blocking can sustain before its knee (Figure 12).

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

14

breadth of servers it applies to

Positioning: low modification AND broad coverage
This paper: rerouting via
existing concurrency
(0 138 lines, 10 server types)
our transparent
runtime (one corner
of the spectrum)
point offload
integrations
(QAT, SSLShader)

transparent
threading libs

rewrite in an
async framework

modification to an existing server

Figure 13. Positioning. Existing approaches are either low-effort but narrow (threading libraries, of
which our own transparent runtime is one) or high-effort and still narrow (point integrations, asyncframework rewrites). Rerouting through the server’s own concurrency reaches the desirable region:
little modification to existing servers, across many server types.

7 Discussion and Limitations

When rerouting does not pay. The model doubles as a stop sign. When per-request CPU
already rivals the offload (Prediction 2—the same condition that raises the transparent runtime’s third wall), rerouting buys complexity for nothing. And an operator whose accelerator
is already saturated should buy device bandwidth, not rewire the server: overlap recovers
wasted utilization but never manufactures throughput.
Scope of the conflict detector. The conflict detector is a targeted safety net for the one pattern
rerouting endangers, not a general transactional memory; shared state outside the monitored
segments, or correctness requirements beyond last-writer-wins, need stronger machinery.
8 Related Work

Figure 13 places this work among prior approaches, which either add the concurrency—new
frameworks, runtimes, and operating systems—or hand-integrate one offload into one server;
we instead reuse the concurrency existing servers already have, across the whole landscape of
server architectures, and predict the cost of doing so.
Threads, events, and coroutines. How to hide I/O latency cheaply is an old debate between
an event-driven camp that structures the server as a state machine over an event loop at the
cost of “stack ripping” [Adya et al., 2002] (Flash [Pai et al., 1999], SEDA [Welsh et al., 2001])
and a user-level-thread camp that keeps the synchronous style and yields at blocking points
(Capriccio [von Behren et al., 2003], State Threads [State Threads Library, 2009], libtask [Cox,

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

15

2005], core-aware Arachne [Qin et al., 2018], and language-level threads such as goroutines [The
Go Authors, 2026] and Java virtual threads [OpenJDK, 2023]). Our fiber runtime is in the second
lineage with a fast register-only switch [Li et al., 2023], but the contribution is not another
threading library: it is to overlap an accelerator offload in servers built either way, quantify the
modification cost across real servers, and map where the transparent form demonstrably stops.
Microsecond-scale systems. A body of work rebuilds the OS or runtime to run microsecondscale tasks efficiently: dataplane operating systems such as IX [Belay et al., 2014], workstealing schedulers such as ZygOS [Prekas et al., 2017], and core-reallocating runtimes such as
Shenango [Ousterhout et al., 2019], Caladan [Fried et al., 2020], and Demikernel [Zhang et al.,
2021], typically built over kernel-bypass or asynchronous I/O (DPDK [DPDK Project, 2026],
io_uring [Axboe, 2019]). They attack the same killer microsecond problem [Barroso et al.,
2017] but demand a new stack and rewritten applications. We instead ask how little it costs to
overlap one offload inside existing, unmodified servers; the directions are complementary.
Full hardware offload. Another line moves the entire datapath onto hardware: KV-Direct [Li
et al., 2017] runs a key-value store in the NIC, ClickNP [Li et al., 2016] compiles network
functions to an FPGA, iPipe [Liu et al., 2019] offloads application logic onto SmartNICs
(and must itself schedule the offloaded tasks’ granularity, the dual of our problem), and
GPUnet [Kim et al., 2014] lets GPU code drive the network. These eliminate the CPU’s role and
require rebuilding the application around the accelerator. Our target is the opposite and far
more common case: the application stays on the CPU and must hide one fine-grained step’s
latency with almost no change.
Offload integrations and async frameworks. Closer to us, specific systems overlap specific offloads—TLS on GPUs (SSLShader [Jang et al., 2011]), QAT engines in nginx’s async
paths [Intel Corporation, 2026], and inference servers that batch GPU work (RedisAI [RedisAI,
2022], Clipper [Crankshaw et al., 2017])—but each is a point integration tuned to one server
and offload. Async frameworks (libevent [Provos and Mathewson, 2026], libuv [libuv contributors, 2026], Seastar [ScyllaDB, 2026], async/await) and proxy offload engines (HAProxy
SPOE [HAProxy Technologies, 2026b], Envoy ext_proc [Envoy Project, 2026]) make overlap
the default, but only if the application is written in them from the start. We instead inject
overlap into existing servers and predict the win and the cost across the landscape.
Conflict detection. Dirty tracking via page protection, software distributed shared memory [Amza et al., 1996], and transactional memory [Herlihy and Moss, 1993] all detect or
prevent conflicting concurrent writes. Our detector borrows the page-protection technique but
is lightweight and specialized to the one hazard rerouting introduces: a read-modify-write
split across an offload.
Symbol interposition. The fragility of interposing versioned glibc symbols is folklore among
practitioners. Our condition-variable finding (Appendix B) documents a concrete, reproducible
instance and its fix.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

16

9 Conclusion

What should the CPU do while it waits for the accelerator? It should overlap the offload with
other requests—and it does not need a new framework, runtime, or operating system to do so,
because every server that serves concurrent requests already contains the machinery overlap
requires. Rerouting the offload through that machinery takes tens of lines in off-the-shelf
servers across every concurrency model (1.2–5.4× on real hardware), is predictable in advance
from that model and the offload’s weight, can occasionally be done with zero lines from
outside the binary (17.3×, within a precisely characterized envelope), and stays correct with
one targeted guard for the run-to-completion atomicity it suspends. The result is a practical
recipe, and a map, for hiding fine-grained accelerator-offload latency in the servers that run
online services today.
Acknowledgements

This paper began as a draft written during the author’s internship at Microsoft Research in
2017. Nine years later, with the help of Pine Copilot and Claude Code, the author finally
brought it to completion. The work was produced using Pine Copilot’s voice-directed whisper
coding workflow [Pine AI, 2026], in which the author specifies, discusses, and reviews the
work by voice while a coding agent—Claude Code with Claude Opus 4.8 and Claude Fable
5—carries out the planning, coding, experiments, and paper writing. The author thanks BSQL
Networking for hosting the NVIDIA RTX PRO 6000 GPU.
References

Atul Adya, Jon Howell, Marvin Theimer, William J. Bolosky, and John R. Douceur. Cooperative
task management without manual stack management. In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual
Technical Conference (ATC), 2002.
Cristiana Amza, Alan L. Cox, Sandhya Dwarkadas, Pete Keleher, Honghui Lu, Ramakrishnan
Rajamony, Weimin Yu, and Willy Zwaenepoel. TreadMarks: Shared memory computing on
networks of workstations. IEEE Computer, 29(2):18–28, 1996.
Apache Software Foundation. Apache HTTP server. https://httpd.apache.org/, 2026.
Jens Axboe. Efficient IO with io_uring. https://kernel.dk/io_uring.pdf, 2019.
Luiz Barroso, Mike Marty, David Patterson, and Parthasarathy Ranganathan. Attack of the
killer microseconds. Communications of the ACM, 60(4):48–54, 2017.
Adam Belay, George Prekas, Ana Klimovic, Samuel Grossman, Christos Kozyrakis, and
Edouard Bugnion. IX: A protected dataplane operating system for high throughput and
low latency. In Proceedings of the 11th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and
Implementation (OSDI), pages 49–65, 2014.
Russ Cox. libtask: A coroutine library for C and Unix. https://swtch.com/libtask/, 2005.
Daniel Crankshaw, Xin Wang, Giulio Zhou, Michael J. Franklin, Joseph E. Gonzalez, and Ion
Stoica. Clipper: A low-latency online prediction serving system. In Proceedings of the 14th

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

17

USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI), pages 613–627,
2017.
DPDK Project. DPDK: Data plane development kit. https://www.dpdk.org/, 2026.
Ulrich Drepper. How to write shared libraries. https://www.akkadia.org/drepper/dsohowto.
pdf, 2011.
Envoy Project. External processing filter (ext_proc). https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/
envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/ext_proc_filter, 2026.
F5/NGINX. nginx: Http and reverse proxy server. https://nginx.org/, 2026.
Hubertus Franke, Rusty Russell, and Matthew Kirkwood. Fuss, futexes and furwocks: Fast
userlevel locking in Linux. In Proceedings of the Ottawa Linux Symposium (OLS), pages 479–495,
2002.
Joshua Fried, Zhenyuan Ruan, Amy Ousterhout, and Adam Belay. Caladan: Mitigating
interference at microsecond timescales. In Proceedings of the 14th USENIX Symposium on
Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI), pages 281–297, 2020.
HAProxy Technologies. HAProxy: The reliable, high-performance TCP/HTTP load balancer.
https://www.haproxy.org/, 2026a.
HAProxy Technologies. Stream processing offload engine (SPOE) and protocol (SPOP). https:
//www.haproxy.com/documentation/, 2026b.
Maurice Herlihy and J. Eliot B. Moss. Transactional memory: Architectural support for lockfree data structures. In Proceedings of the 20th Annual International Symposium on Computer
Architecture (ISCA), pages 289–300, 1993.
Intel Corporation. Intel quickassist technology (Intel QAT). https://www.intel.com/content/
www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/intel-quick-assist-technology-overview.
html, 2026.
Keon Jang, Sangjin Han, Seungyeop Han, Sue Moon, and KyoungSoo Park. SSLShader: Cheap
SSL acceleration with commodity processors. In Proceedings of the 8th USENIX Symposium on
Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI), 2011.
Sangman Kim, Seonggu Huh, Xinya Zhang, Yige Hu, Amir Wated, Emmett Witchel, and Mark
Silberstein. GPUnet: Networking abstractions for GPU programs. In Proceedings of the 11th
USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI), pages 201–216,
2014.
Bojie Li, Kun Tan, Layong (Larry) Luo, Yanqing Peng, Renqian Luo, Ningyi Xu, Yongqiang
Xiong, Peng Cheng, and Enhong Chen. ClickNP: Highly flexible and high performance
network processing with reconfigurable hardware. In Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGCOMM
Conference, pages 1–14, 2016.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

18

Bojie Li, Zhenyuan Ruan, Wencong Xiao, Yuanwei Lu, Yongqiang Xiong, Andrew Putnam,
Enhong Chen, and Lintao Zhang. KV-Direct: High-performance in-memory key-value store
with programmable NIC. In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
(SOSP), pages 137–152, 2017.
Bojie Li, Zihao Xiang, Xiaoliang Wang, Han Ruan, Jingbin Zhou, and Kun Tan. FastWake:
Revisiting host network stack for interrupt-mode RDMA. In Proceedings of the 7th Asia-Pacific
Workshop on Networking (APNet), pages 1–7. ACM, 2023. doi: 10.1145/3600061.3600063.
libuv contributors. libuv: Cross-platform asynchronous I/O. https://libuv.org/, 2026.
Ming Liu, Tianyi Cui, Henry Schuh, Arvind Krishnamurthy, Simon Peter, and Karan Gupta.
Offloading distributed applications onto SmartNICs using iPipe. In Proceedings of the 2019
ACM SIGCOMM Conference, pages 318–333, 2019.
MariaDB Foundation. MariaDB server: The open source relational database. https://mariadb.
org/, 2026.
memcached. memcached: A distributed memory object caching system. https://memcached.
org/, 2026.
National Institute of Standards and Technology. Module-lattice-based key-encapsulation
mechanism standard. Technical Report FIPS 203, NIST, 2024.
NVIDIA Corporation. CUDA C++ programming guide: Asynchronous concurrent execution.
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/, 2026.
OpenJDK. JEP 444: Virtual threads (project Loom). https://openjdk.org/jeps/444, 2023.
OpenJS Foundation. Node.js: A JavaScript runtime built on V8. https://nodejs.org/, 2026.
OpenSSL Project. OpenSSL: Cryptography and SSL/TLS toolkit. https://www.openssl.org/,
2026.
Amy Ousterhout, Joshua Fried, Jonathan Behrens, Adam Belay, and Hari Balakrishnan.
Shenango: Achieving high CPU efficiency for latency-sensitive datacenter workloads. In
Proceedings of the 16th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
(NSDI), pages 361–378, 2019.
Vivek S. Pai, Peter Druschel, and Willy Zwaenepoel. Flash: An efficient and portable web
server. In Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference (ATC), 1999.
Pine AI.
Pine AI: The most natural human-computer interface is
your voice.
Blog post,
2026.
URL https://www.19pine.ai/blog/
pine-ai-the-most-natural-human-computer-interface-is-your-voice.
Accessed
2026-07-02.
PostgreSQL Global Development Group. PostgreSQL: The world’s most advanced open source
relational database. https://www.postgresql.org/, 2026.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

19

George Prekas, Marios Kogias, and Edouard Bugnion. ZygOS: Achieving low tail latency
for microsecond-scale networked tasks. In Proceedings of the 26th Symposium on Operating
Systems Principles (SOSP), pages 325–341, 2017.
Niels Provos and Nick Mathewson. libevent: An event notification library. https://libevent.
org/, 2026.
Python Software Foundation. asyncio: Asynchronous I/O in CPython. https://docs.python.
org/3/library/asyncio.html, 2026.
Henry Qin, Qian Li, Jacqueline Speiser, Peter Kraft, and John Ousterhout. Arachne: Core-aware
thread management. In Proceedings of the 13th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems
Design and Implementation (OSDI), pages 145–160, 2018.
Redis Ltd. Redis: An in-memory data store. https://redis.io/, 2026.
RedisAI. RedisAI: A redis module for serving tensors and executing deep learning models.
https://oss.redis.com/redisai/, 2022.
ScyllaDB. Seastar: A high-performance shared-nothing asynchronous C++ framework. https:
//seastar.io/, 2026.
State Threads Library. State threads library for internet applications. http://state-threads.
sourceforge.net/, 2009.
The Go Authors. The Go programming language: Goroutines and the scheduler. https:
//go.dev/, 2026.
Rob von Behren, Jeremy Condit, Feng Zhou, George C. Necula, and Eric Brewer. Capriccio:
Scalable threads for internet services. In Proceedings of the 19th ACM Symposium on Operating
Systems Principles (SOSP), pages 268–281, 2003.
Matt Welsh, David Culler, and Eric Brewer. SEDA: An architecture for well-conditioned,
scalable internet services. In Proceedings of the 18th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems
Principles (SOSP), pages 230–243, 2001.
Irene Zhang, Amanda Raybuck, Pratyush Patel, Kirk Olynyk, Jacob Nelson, Omar S. Navarro
Leija, Ashlie Martinez, Jing Liu, Anna Kornfeld Simpson, Sujay Jayakar, Pedro Henrique
Penna, Max Demoulin, Piali Choudhury, and Anirudh Badam. The demikernel datapath
OS architecture for microsecond-scale datacenter systems. In Proceedings of the 28th ACM
Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), pages 195–211, 2021.

A AES Block-Size Sweep (detailed values)

Table 2 gives the full per-size measurements behind the offload-weight curve of Figure 11, all
on a real GPU on an idle device (no co-tenant compute), driving a single-event-loop server
(Python asyncio with a 32-thread executor) at 50 concurrent clients. The AES block size is
swept over consecutive powers of two from 4 KiB (launch-bound, tens of microseconds) to
8 MiB (bandwidth-bound, ∼2.3 ms). For each we report the measured single-op GPU latency

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

20

(one offload in flight), the synchronous and asynchronous throughput, and their ratio; §6
interprets the curve.
block size

GPU latency (µs)

sync (req/s)

async (req/s)

speedup

4 KiB
8 KiB
16 KiB
32 KiB
64 KiB
128 KiB
256 KiB
512 KiB
1 MiB
2 MiB
4 MiB
8 MiB

46.4
47.0
51.4
60.3
70.2
92.7
126.5
191.8
361.6
653.6
1188.1
2258.6

3750
3688
3657
3501
3326
2970
2706
2454
1538
966
506
227

4667
4650
4573
4371
4355
4218
4128
4494
3644
2858
1937
1228

1.24×
1.26×
1.25×
1.25×
1.31×
1.42×
1.53×
1.83×
2.37×
2.96×
3.83×
5.41×

Real-GPU AES block-size sweep on a single-event-loop server (idle GPU). Source:
transparent-runtime/apps/aes_blocksize_py_results.csv.

Table 2.

B Interposition Obstacles for the Transparent Runtime

Running stock binaries under the LD_PRELOAD fiber runtime of §4 surfaced five obstacles
below the architectural walls. Each was resolved once and is recorded here because any
threading-interposing tool will meet them.
The condition-variable versioning hazard. The sharpest obstacle is a symbol-versioning hazard [Drepper, 2011]: the glibc condition-variable functions carry two incompatible ABIs under
one name (GLIBC_2.2.5 and GLIBC_2.3.2), so a naive interposer that defines an unversioned
pthread_cond_signal breaks the linker’s version-matched relocation and silently corrupts
some binaries while sparing others: in our sweep it crashes MariaDB at startup with a wild
pointer and is tolerated by Redis, memcached, nginx, and stunnel (Figure 14). Because a
transparent runtime cannot know in advance which binaries are susceptible, version-matched
interposition is mandatory: export the interposed symbols at their exact version via a linker
version script and resolve the real ones with dlvsym.
Four lesser obstacles.
• Alternate I/O entry points. A server may do its socket I/O through recv/send/poll
rather than read/write, so every blocking entry point the application can reach must be
interposed to yield the fiber.
• Real-thread identity. pthread_self must return the genuine OS thread identity, because the
C library’s stack-bounds logic relies on it; returning a per-fiber value breaks libc internals.
• Carrier re-establishment after fork. A daemon that forks drops the carrier thread in the
child; the carrier must be re-established before any fiber can run.

Fine-Grained Computation Offload in Tens of Lines

21

Interposing pthread_cond_* without version-matching
MariaDB

Redis memcached nginx

naive
(unversioned)

CRASH

OK

OK

OK

OK

versioned
(our fix)

OK

OK

OK

OK

OK

stunnel

Figure 14. A reusable interposition hazard. A naive unversioned interposer of the glibc condition
variable silently corrupts some binaries (MariaDB crashes at startup) while sparing others; versionmatching the interposed symbols fixes all of them.

• Priority inversion. Pinning the carrier to a real-time priority can invert priorities against a
lock holder running at normal priority, stalling the carrier.

